{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red36\green36\blue36;\red247\green247\blue247;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380

\f0\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project: Movie Trailer Website  - Harry DiFrancesco\
================================\
\
Required Libraries and Dependencies\
-----------------------------------\
This program requires Python v2.7.10 to be installed\
\
\
How to Run Project\
------------------\
\
\
Extra Credit Description\
------------------------\
I added additional information for actors each movie and the oscar wins each movie collected. In the media.py file these appear as further attribute in the __init__ function. In the entertainment_center.py file these appear below the youtube links for each movie.\
As part of adding this additional info I created some extra CSS and HTML in the fresh_tomatoes.py file . The CSS is located below the navbar-header class\'97\'97I added comments to note it. The HTML is located in movie_tile_content.\
I added an \'93Additional Information\'94 section to each movie, which appears below its title. So as not to make the page too busy I added a popup box that shows only when the cursor hovers over \'93Additional Information.\'94 The popup box shows the movie\'92s oscar wins and actor\'92s names. \
\
Miscellaneous\
-------------\
I\'92d like to point out that the basic architecture for the popupbox that I created was found through searching through various stack overflow forums. \
I\'92d also like to ask a question about making the popup boxes more responsive\'97\'97in other words I would like them to appear even if their location is currently of the screen. Not sure if there is a simple fix to this but if there is and you have time or a good resource to look at please let me know\'97\'97dug around a little but couldn\'92t get it to fit well and perform. }